README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Description

This is a project to testing coding habilities, it is part of the recruiting process of [`Liven.tech`](https://liven.tech) company.

## Packages in this project

* React
* Next.JS
* SWR
* Typescript
* Tailwind.css
* React-icons
* Sweetalert2
* react-lazy-load-image-component

## [Checklist here](https://mixed-guilty-937.notion.site/Ecommerce-checklist-f3db197a74ec46feb6f9fee75b9aadac)

[`https://mixed-guilty-937.notion.site/Ecommerce-checklist-f3db197a74ec46feb6f9fee75b9aadac`](https://mixed-guilty-937.notion.site/Ecommerce-checklist-f3db197a74ec46feb6f9fee75b9aadac)

## Commands used to init the project

```

npx create-next-app ecommerce

touch tsconfig.json

touch next-env.d.ts

npm install --save-dev typescript @types/react @types/node

npm install -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer

npx tailwindcss init -p

npm i sweetalert2 react-toastify

```

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

updating the Readme.md checklist of the project with some consideration

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Description

This is a project to testing coding habilities, it is part of the recruiting process of [`Liven.tech`](https://liven.tech) company.

### Some consideration

Project uses an external URL to serve the images so the original (lorempixel.com) was'nt working so it changed (lorempixel.com.br).

```
lorempixel
```


```
lorempixel
```


## Packages in this project

* React
* Next.JS
* SWR
* Typescript
* Tailwind.css
* React-icons
* Sweetalert2
* react-lazy-load-image-component

## [Checklist here](https://mixed-guilty-937.notion.site/Ecommerce-checklist-f3db197a74ec46feb6f9fee75b9aadac)

[`https://mixed-guilty-937.notion.site/Ecommerce-checklist-f3db197a74ec46feb6f9fee75b9aadac`](https://mixed-guilty-937.notion.site/Ecommerce-checklist-f3db197a74ec46feb6f9fee75b9aadac)

## Commands used to init the project

```

npx create-next-app ecommerce

touch tsconfig.json

touch next-env.d.ts

npm install --save-dev typescript @types/react @types/node

npm install -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer

npx tailwindcss init -p

npm i sweetalert2 react-toastify

```

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
